
*title [Chapter 1] Arrival at Hargrove Institute

The campus of the Hargrove Institute for System Studies is... underwhelming. Stepping down from the bus, you genuinely wonder if you've been dropped off at some remote satellite location rather than the main campus. The grounds consist of a handful of brick buildings surrounded by tidy landscaping and completely lacking any and all grandeur you had anticipated from this school.

As one of the country's few System academies, finding authentic photos of the place was utterly impossible. Every publicly available satellite image was blurred and remarkably the Internet didn't seem to have any pictures either. The mystery behind this place had created an obviously false image in your head over the years, because what you had been picturing was closer to an imposing stone castle situated across an ancient lake, complete with floating candles in a dining hall and eccentric professors giving warnings about scary forests and forbidden floors.

Sadly, there's not a single pointy hat in sight.

You spent six years bleeding for the chance to attend the Harvard of System academies, but the reality standing in front of you looks remarkably like a mundane community college.

Regardless, you're finally here, and you feel...

*choice
  #A little disappointed, but still happy to be here.
    You spent years hyping this place up in your head, so walking into what essentially looks like a corporate business park is a pretty massive letdown. But the plain metal sign by the entrance confirms you made it to the right address, and you were selected to claim your spot in this class. If the country's elite rankers prefer plain concrete over dramatic aesthetics, you'll just have to deal with it, won't you? Besides, you can't afford the bus fare back home anyway.
    *page_break
    *goto callie_arrives

  #Elated! By the time you leave, you'll be an S-ranker!
    Absolutely nothing is going to put a dent in your mood right now. You spent your entire adolescence obsessing over this exact goal, and getting the acceptance letter was only the first step. Stepping onto this completely ordinary pavement means your career as a ranker has officially started, and a boring campus layout is not going to stop you from climbing straight to the leaderboards. You are more than ready to get to work.
    *page_break
    *goto callie_arrives

  #Irritated. You feel misled about this place.
    This mundane setup has to be the real reason the government enforces such strict media blackouts around System academies. They clearly want to hide the embarrassing fact that their premier training facility looks exactly like a mid-level accounting firm.
   
    However, you know for a fact that generations of insanely strong fighters have graduated from this exact program, so there has to be some kind of hidden layer to this place that you are missing.
    *page_break
    *goto callie_arrives

*label callie_arrives

"${first_name}!" you hear a familiar voice call out.

Callie Owens jogs up to you with three separate heavy duffels swinging wildly from her shoulders. She is wearing a bright red hoodie and black leggings, her blonde hair pulled back into a hasty, messy ponytail.

"Hey, Callie," you say with a smile. "I thought you weren't supposed to get here until tomorrow."

She drops her heavy duffels onto the pavement and bends over, resting her hands on her knees to catch her breath. "Yeah, but Dad let me resurrect one of the junkers in the yard," she says. "I pointed out that if I got it running, it would get him out of having to drive me up here."

"Ah," you say.

"Yeah," she says, offering a humorless smile. "It didn't take much convincing."

You nod, knowing exactly what she means and feeling the familiar, quiet anger on her behalf in your chest but choose to say nothing.

Callie straightens and rubs the back of her neck, suddenly avoiding your eyes and looking distinctly abashed. "But... I had a bit of a problem because I couldn't get the engine to turn over with the cheap scrap parts I could actually afford. So... I might have gone ahead and selected my class."

"Callie!" you say, your voice rising a notch. "We agreed to wait. We were supposed to pick our classes together."

"I know, I know," she said, wincing. "But I honestly couldn't have gotten it running otherwise, and I needed it to run."

You let out a long breath, fighting back your irritation. You do understand. The alternative would have been sitting for hours in a cramped car with her dad for hours. His car may not have been able to make the trip, and she probably would have had to trigger it anyway. "What level are you?"

"Just level one," she says quickly, holding up both hands. "I promise. I literally just locked in the class and fixed the car. I haven't done anything else."

The tension bleeds out of your shoulders. "Guessing you chose Artificer?"

A genuine, bright grin breaks through her guilt. "You know it."

*page_break Chapter 1.1: Holograms and Ice Cream

*title [Chapter 1.1] Holograms and Milkshakes

[b]One Year Ago[/b]

You knew Callie since your senior year of high school, where she spent the first few weeks of Introduction to Electronics as just a quiet girl sitting two benches over. She always claimed her seat before the bell rang and maintained an aggressively neat workspace in a shop choked with tangled wires and rogue solder drops, but otherwise faded into the background.

And then came the first hands-on assignment.

Designed primarily to build confidence before the difficult material began, the initial task required everyone to follow a diagram and build a basic circuit where a manual switch controlled a single LED light.

You were halfway through the process and actively second-guessing your enrollment in the class when Mr. Ortega let out a low whistle at Callie's bench. She had already finished, but her workstation lacked anything resembling the standard circuit board layout. She had instead constructed a rapidly spinning LED light bar, powered by a tiny motor and battery she had found. As the contraption whirred, the lights projected a perfect, glowing top-down schematic of the exact basic circuit the rest of the class struggled to assemble.

You, Mr. Ortega, and eventually the entire class stared at the hovering projection for a long while.

"Miss Owens," Mr. Ortega finally said. "Would you like to explain what this is?"

Callie shifted under all of the attention.

"It is the assignment," she replied. "Well, mostly."

She walked him through the entire build, though she might as well have been speaking Greek to the rest of the room. You lost the thread within the first ten seconds as she explained motor synchronization, refresh rates, and how she calculated the rotational timing required to stabilize the projected image. She wasn't trying to show off, even if you first assumed she was. Rather, that's just how Callie's mind worked. When given a task, she couldn't help but take it to the next level. Or sometimes twenty levels ahead, as in that particular case.

Mr. Ortega nodded along until she finished. "Right," he said, straightening up and stepping back from her bench. "Yes. That is... well that's really great work. Full marks. Obviously."

You remember looking at her and feeling...

*choice
  #Captivated by her.
    The messy workbench and the spinning motor faded away in your mind, leaving only the bright intensity in her eyes as she explained her creation. You realized behind her quiet demeanor was absolute brilliance. You wanted nothing more than to catch her attention.
    *set first_impression "attraction"
    *goto pay_attention

  #Suddenly very aware of your own limitations.
    You stared down at your half-finished, pathetic little circuit board, then back up at her spinning hologram. The gulf between your abilities was wide and more than a little intimidating. If her mind worked like this on a starter assignment, you had absolutely no business sitting in the same room with her. You shrank back against your stool, praying Mr. Ortega wouldn't ask to see your dismal progress next.
    *set first_impression "intimidated"
    *goto pay_attention

  #Inspired.
    Her creation blew the ceiling completely off everyone's expectations. You looked at your own mess of tangled wires attached to your board and felt a sudden, burning urge to tear them apart and start over. You wanted to push the limits, to see what else you could build if you threw out the instruction manual entirely like she did.
    *set first_impression "inspired"
    *goto pay_attention

  #Puzzled.
    Why would someone with a mind like that hide in the back row of an entry-level shop class? Her spinning schematic was undeniably brilliant, yet it felt like using a sledgehammer to drive a thumbtack. You needed to figure out exactly what made her tick.
    *set first_impression "curious"
    *goto pay_attention

*label pay_attention

Two days later, the sky opened up immediately after the final bell, and a sudden, freezing downpour buffeted the town. You were driving home, making a mental note for the seventh time in the last six months to get new wipers, when you spotted a lone figure trudging along the shoulder of the road. Her heavy backpack dragged her down, and the bright red hoodie you recognized from shop class was entirely soaked through. You pulled over and popped open the passenger door. She hesitated for only a fraction of a second before caving to the bitter cold and climbing inside.

"Thanks," she said through chattering teeth and shivers as she dumped her dripping bag onto the floorboard. Water pooled on the rubber mat.

You cranked the heater up to full blast.

*choice
  #"Miss the bus?"
    "Miss the bus?" you asked.
   
    You pulled back onto the road while she squeezed the rainwater out of her blonde ponytail.

    "The bus route takes forty-five minutes to cover a distance I can walk in twenty," Callie explained. "It's inefficient." She glared at the rain battering against the windshield. "Usually."
    *goto car_ride_continue
   
  #"So... do you often randomly build holograms in your spare time?"
    "So... do you often randomly build holograms in your spare time?" you asked.
   
    You pulled back onto the road while she squeezed the rainwater out of her blonde ponytail.

    "I may have gone a little far with that one," she admitted, looking slightly abashed. "I have a tendency to want to push boundaries to see what I can do, and sometimes it comes over me at inappropriate times, like during class. I didn't mean to cause such a big commotion."
    *goto commotion

  #"Feel free to pick a radio station."
    You pulled back onto the road while she squeezed the rainwater out of her blonde ponytail.

    Callie didn't hesitate. Her hand shot out and spun the dial away from your default station, landing immediately on a frantic punk rock broadcast. She leaned back and tapped her fingers against her damp jeans in perfect rhythm.
    *goto car_ride_continue

*label commotion

*label commotion

*choice
  #"I thought it was really cool."
    "I thought it was really cool," you said. "Definitely better than watching everyone else struggle to wire a basic switch."

    Callie's head snapped toward you, her shivering momentarily forgotten. "Really?" Her eyes lit up with sudden, eager energy. "Thank you. I spent three nights calibrating the motor synchronization to get the refresh rate exactly right."

    She slumped back against the seat and pulled her wet sleeves down over her hands. "Everyone else acted so weird about it after class. It felt like they were actively angry with me, and I honestly couldn't figure out why. I just followed the prompt to its logical conclusion. Is it my fault they stopped at the bare minimum?"
    *goto car_ride_continue

  #"It made the rest of us look bad."
    "It made the rest of us look bad," you said.

    Callie shrank back against the passenger door, the sudden movement wringing another few drops of rainwater from her hoodie. She stared down at her lap, her cheeks flushing red.

    "I didn't mean to do that," she said softly, her voice barely audible over the noise of the heater. "I wasn't trying to show anyone up or make anyone feel stupid. Like I said, I just get caught up in the build and forget there are other people in the room."
    *goto car_ride_continue

  #Say nothing.
    You kept your eyes on the slick road, letting the rhythmic squeak of your dying windshield wipers fill the silence. Callie pulled her knees up to her chest, and the tension in her shoulders slowly unwound as she realized you weren't going to press the issue.
    *goto car_ride_continue
 
*label car_ride_continue

You turned down the main road leading toward her neighborhood. Callie wiped a circle of condensation off the passenger window and peered out at the grey afternoon. The neon sign for the Frosty Mug cut through the gloom.

"If we survive this storm," Callie said, her eyes fixed on the glowing storefront. "I will buy you a milkshake to repay the rescue mission."

You laughed out loud. Your brother, Michael, worked the afternoon shift at the Frosty Mug. You knew for an absolute fact he was currently trapped behind the counter wearing a ridiculous paper hat and a branded apron. Taking her up on the offer meant securing a free dairy-free shake alongside premium blackmail material against your brother.

*choice
  #"We are absolutely getting ice cream. I need to mock my brother."
    *goto ice_cream_parlor

  #"Maybe next time. Let's get you dry and home."
    *goto drop_callie_home

*label ice_cream_parlor

"We are absolutely getting ice cream," you said. "Plus, there's the added benefit of getting to mock my brother."

You hit your turn signal and pulled into the Frosty Mug parking lot. The bell above the door jingled as the two of you stepped inside and into the wonderful aroma of warm spun sugar and waffle cones.

Behind the counter, Michael stood hunched over a cash register. He wore a striped apron and a paper hat folded into a sharp peak. He looked up, and his mandatory customer-service smile died the second he saw you.

You grinned.

"You have got to be kidding me," Michael said, shoulders deflating.

"My friend Callie here offered to buy me a milkshake," you said, resting your forearms on the counter. "I couldn't pass up the chance to see my little brother."

Callie stepped up beside you, still dripping rainwater onto the linoleum floor. "I like your hat," she said with complete sincerity.

Michael stared at her for a second, visibly confused. He sighed and tapped the register screen. "Thanks. What can I get you?"

Callie tipped her head back to study the massive, brightly colored menu board stretching across the entire back wall. Her eyes darted across dozens of flavor combinations and shrank back slightly, appearing slightly overwhelmed by the sheer volume of choices.

"Umm... What would you recommend?" she asked. "This is my first time here."

Michael shrugged. "Everything is good."

"Real helpful," you said with a frown, then bumped your shoulder against hers.

*choice
  #"You can't go wrong with vanilla."
    "You can't go wrong with standard vanilla," you said. "It's a classic for a reason. Safe, reliable, and entirely predictable."

    Callie wrinkled her nose and shook her head, scattering a few rogue raindrops onto the counter. "Vanilla's boring. I want something with actual texture." She pointed at a glossy poster advertising a seasonal brownie bowl. "Can you take that and just blend the whole thing into a cup?"
    *goto order_shake

  #"They make a coffee shake that's really good."
    "Do you like coffee?" you asked. "They make a coffee shake that's really good. It has espresso blended straight into the ice cream."

    Callie's eyes lit up. The overwhelming menu suddenly seemed much less intimidating when presented with a purely functional option. "That actually sounds perfect. I have a project that I want to finish testing tonight anyway." She turned to Michael. "Can you add extra espresso?"

    *goto order_shake

  #"Get the most complicated thing on the menu."
    "Get the most complicated thing on the menu," you said, grinning at your brother. "Challenge the staff. Make him work for his wage."

    Michael shot you a venomous glare.

    Callie ignored the sibling bantering completely and considered the menu again. "I guess give me cookie dough. That's usually good."
    *goto order_shake

*label order_shake

Michael grumbled but punched the orders into the register, making sure to hit the dairy-free button for your usual chocolate shake.

Callie paid, and you spent the next twenty minutes sitting in a cracked vinyl booth that you chose specifically because it was under a heater vent, but drinking the cold shakes still made Callie shiver. At least you got to enjoy watching Michael suffer through the evening rush before taking her home.

*page_break

*goto drop_callie_home_skip

*label drop_callie_home

"Maybe next time," you said. "Let's get you home and dry before you catch pneumonia or something."

"Probably a good idea," Callie said. She wrapped her arms around her chest and huddled closer to the heater vents.

*label drop_callie_home_skip

You followed her directions, steering away from the main roads and into an older, neglected section of town that you weren't familiar with. The houses grew smaller, and the streetlights flickered over cracked pavement.

"You can just let me out here," Callie said, pointing to the corner of a narrow, overgrown alleyway.

The rain battered the windshield in a relentless sheet of grey.

*choice
  #"It's pouring. I'll drop you off at your house."
    "It's pouring," you said. "I'll drop you off at your house."

    Callie visibly tensed, but stared straight ahead. "You really don't have to."

    "I'm not dropping you off in a flood," you said. "Which way?"

    Her shoulders slumped a little, and she pointed. "Down the alley, last house on the left."

    You spun the wheel. The tires crunched over gravel and puddles in deep ruts. At the end of the narrow lane sat a rough looking, single-story house, with a front porch that dipped noticeably to one side. A faded blue tarp covered a part of the room, and three rusted, hollowed-out car chassis sank into the overgrown weeds filling the front yard.

    You shifted into park, and a cold knot formed in the pit of your stomach as you stared through the rain at the rotting front steps.

    You felt...
   
    *choice
      #Sadness and confusion.
        You felt sadness and confusion at the juxtoposition of Callie's brilliant mind and the decay surrounding her house.  
        *goto callie_goodbye

      #Anger.
        You felt a sudden flash of anger and hostility toward whoever let a girl that smart live in a collapsing junkyard. You wanted to throw the car in reverse and take her literally anywhere else. But that wasn't your decision.
        *goto callie_goodbye

      #Protective.
        You felt very protective in that moment. You gripped the steering wheel, suddenly hyper-aware of how fragile she looked in that in her oversized hoodie. You wanted to throw the car in reverse and take her literally anywhere else. But that wasn't your decision.
        *goto callie_goodbye

  #"Are you sure? It's coming down really hard."
    "Are you sure?" you asked. "It's coming down really hard."

    "I'm sure," Callie said. She grabbed her soaked backpack from the floorboard. "It's just a short walk."
   
    You nod and offer a smile.
    *goto callie_goodbye

*label callie_goodbye

Callie paused with her hand on the door handle, then looked back at you. "Thanks again," she said softly. "For the ride, and for not being weird."

"Any time," you said.

She pushed the door open and sprinted out into the downpour. You waited until she disappeared from view, then put the car in reverse and headed home.

*page_break [Chapter 1.2] Bigger on the Inside

*title [Chapter 1.2] Bigger on the Inside

[b]Present Day[/b]

To be continued...
